and everything and therefore felt where I am
I am in the morning and so had not yet crunched
no ligaments i'm in the morning already
practiced for two and a half hours
and in every training session it all starts with
Warm -up Sergei Badyuk shows
special set of exercises horizontal bar
parallel bars and a pair of simple devices
that's all you need to maintain your tone
this is exactly the supporting workout in
business trips for flights in those cases
when there are guns when not
opportunities to continue full
training in the gym
they help very well at night
keep you just even psychologically
because it is no secret that everyone who
playing sports he rocks two or three
day without training the person begins
depression seems to him that everything is gone
that the results go away
took well took went
gym classes these
exercises will not replace them, but they are quite
enough for people who just
want to be in shape
I went to the weather in the gym
I was like I was tired then I
went out with the guys on the street started
engage on the street
you think that for myself and I like mine
physique my physical form and me
everything developed was born on the street not
using the gym the treasure took
ok when you want to be big
frame for keeping fit
sufficient yard area took back
perfectly smooth billed noise is not a dumbbell well
so I will pour out and elbow well wonder sit
perfectly smooth shred this miracle and went
down to a little finger and omit Well
twisted with his fingers killed and at the top point
stayed last year across odessa
there are dozens of new playgrounds
now it's time to revive the courtyards
sports infrastructure Sergey baduk
hope that this will help the people
Deputy Igor Markov I really hope that
Igor will help have Igor Markov and
turned to him with a request and he promised
help he promised to build a site
highlight announcing not the most important thing
punch resolution meaning is not to
just put a couple near the house
horizontal bars it's about creating
high-grade sports ground under
open air on it will be able to do
literally everything from children to seniors
and disabled 1 modern sports ground
for a million city of course a little but
Sergey Badiuk sure this can be
a good example of a culture should be
available to everyone if in every district
there will be at least one good
sports ground youth do not have to
to spend money on a gym membership and
Vitaly Milevich Alexei Sorokin
TV company is responsible